added schema for data modeling blog (#23)
vendia/examples: design-patterns/domain-driven-design/pattern2/README.md

# Pattern 2: Single Domain, Multiple Bounded Contexts, and a Single Uni

> **Prerequisite:** Please familiarize yourself with the Pattern 1 before you practice the Pattern 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Prerequisite:** Please familiarize yourself with the Pattern 1 before you move to Pattern 2.
```

Reviewer: The term `practice` isn't resonating with me.  There's nothing to practice here...just examples to review/learn from/use as a guide.

Author: I will change it to review. But, a person has to do hands-on by creating Uni, running queries, and validating results.

## Scenario

In the Pattern 1 CRM Team created a Uni for the `CustomerAccount` entity. Let’s say requirements were different. We will remodel Uni with the Pattern 2. The CRM Team now wants to create another entity to track customer profiles(likes, habits etc.). The Marketing Team is interested in the customer profile dataset but doesn't want to build a separate Uni. Marketing will use customer profile data for customer research but expect the CRM Team to continue to manage and own the customer profile dataset.

## Modeling

In this scenario you will notice two separate domains. CRM domain and the Marketing domain. Since, Marketing Team doesn’t want to own any data and expects the CRM domain to build and own the `CustomerProfile` along with the `CustomerAccount`, you will model all datasets in the same Uni. You will notice two Bounded Contexts:`CustomerAccount` and `CustomerProfile`. However, Marketing Team will only do Read-Only activities on the `CustomerAccount` and `CustomerProfile` Bounded Contexts in the Uni so the CRM Team decided to provide a Read-Only copy to the Marketing Team for customer research and analytics. 

> If you are confused between `Bounded Context`, `Entity`, and the `Aggregate`. These terms correlate 1:1 for the purpose of this exercise. I will use the term `Entity` here to mean `Root Entity` which is an `Aggregate` in DDD. And, `Bounded Context` can have one or more than one `Entity`. 

Reviewer: Maybe a link to a DDD resource or your blog?

Author: I will make a note and come back and edit it after I have a commit on main branch

```json
"x-vendia-acls": {
       "CustomerAccountAcl": {
           "type": "CustomerAccount"
       },
       "CustomerProfileAcl": {
           "type": "CustomerProfile"
       }
   }

```

You will specify the `aclInput` when you insert a new record.  We will use the below script in the GraphQL add command later.

```graphql
aclInput: {
      acl: [
        {
          principal: {
            nodes: [ "*" ]
          },
          operations: [ READ ]
        }
      ]
    }

```

Notice the `customerId` property  and how it links `CustomerAccount` and `CustomerProfile`. You can use this pattern to avoid the eager loading of two separate aggregates. You don’t have to load both `CustomerProfile` and `CustomerAccount` at the same time.

```json
"CustomerProfile": {
           "description": "Customer Profile",
           "type": "array",
           "items": {
               "type": "object",
               "properties": {
                   "customerId": {
                       "description": "The unique identifier for a customer and used as Forgien Key between CustomerAccout and CustomerProfile",
                       "type": "string"
                   }

```

> Notice `zipcode` in `CustomerAccount{address{zipcode}` and `DMAbyZip` in the `CustomerProfile`. Designated Marketing Area(DMA) is marketing geo that is identified by the zipcode of the location. When a customer moves, the CRM Team updates the customer address in the ‘CustomerAccount{address{zipcode}} property. You can use `vendia_transaction` tag in the GraphQL command to update both the `zipcode` and `DMAbyZip` in the same transaction. You will try it later.

Reviewer: Add a link to the Vendia Transactions docs

Author: added
